CrowdStrike Holdings, Inc. — FY2026 Annual Report (Form 10-K)
Source: SEC EDGAR (Form 10-K, official filing). Narrative text extracted verbatim (excerpt).

___________________________________________________________________________________________________
___________________________________________________________________________________________________
(Mark One)☑ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
OR☐TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
___________________________________________________________________________________________________
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:Title of each class of securitiesTrading symbol(s)Name of each exchange on which registeredClass A common stock, par value $0.0005 per shareCRWDThe Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq Global Select Market)
___________________________________________________________________________________________________
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Yes ☑ No ☐
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ☐ No ☑

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☑ No ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files) Yes ☑ No ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☑
If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. ☑
Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive oﬃcers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). ☑
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☐ No ☑
The aggregate market value of the common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing price of a share of the registrant’s common stock on July 31, 2025 (the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) as reported by the Nasdaq Global Select Market on such date was approximately $109.3 billion.

As of February 28, 2026, the number of shares of the registrant’s Class A common stock outstanding was 253,614,090.
Portions of the registrant’s definitive Proxy Statement relating to its 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K where indicated. Such Proxy Statement will be filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year to which this Annual Report on Form 10-K relates.
TABLE OF CONTENTSPage No.Part IItem 1.Business4Item 1A.Risk Factors21Item 1B.Unresolved Staff Comments56Item 1C.Cybersecurity56Item 2.Properties57Item 3.Legal Proceedings57Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures57Part IIItem 5.Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities58Item 6.[Reserved]59Item 7.Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations60Item 7A.Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk78Item 8.Financial Statements and Supplementary Data79Item 9.Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure124Item 9A.Controls and Procedures125Item 9B.Other Information125Item 9C.Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections126Part IIIItem 10.Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance126Item 11.Executive Compensation126Item 12.Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters127Item 13.Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence127Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services127Part IVItem 15.Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules127Item 16.Form 10-K Summary127Signatures131Power of Attorney132

Item 1.
Item 1A.
Item 1B.
Item 1C.
Item 2.
Item 3.
Item 4.
Item 5.
Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
Item 6.
Item 7.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Item 7A.
Item 8.
Item 9.
Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
Item 9A.
Item 9B.
Item 9C.
Item 10.
Item 11.
Item 12.
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters
Item 13.
Item 14.
Item 15.
Item 16.
This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding our future operating results and financial position, our business strategy and plans and our objectives for future operations, are forward-looking statements. The words “believe,” “may,” “will,” “potentially,” “estimate,” “continue,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “could,” “would,” “project,” “plan,” “expect” and similar expressions that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes are intended to identify forward-looking statements.

These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning the following:
•our future financial performance, including our expectations regarding our revenue, cost of revenue, gross profit or gross margin, operating expenses (including changes in sales and marketing, research and development, and general and administrative expenses), and our ability to achieve, and maintain, future profitability;
•the effects of increased competition in our markets and our ability to compete effectively;
•our ability to maintain and expand our customer base, including by attracting new customers;
•our ability to develop new solutions, or enhancements to our existing solutions, and bring them to market in a timely manner;
•anticipated trends, growth rates and challenges in our business and in the markets in which we operate;
•our business plan and our ability to effectively manage our growth and associated investments;
•our relationships with third parties, including channel partners and technology alliance partners;
•our ability to successfully defend litigation brought against us and respond to government investigations and inquiries;
•our ability to successfully expand in our existing markets and into new markets;

•sufficiency of cash and cash equivalents and cash flow from operations to meet cash needs for at least the next 12 months;
•anticipated developments relating to our valuation allowances for our deferred tax assets;
•our ability to comply with laws and regulations that currently apply or become applicable to our business both in the United States and internationally;
•our ability to develop, maintain, and improve our internal control over financial reporting;
•macroeconomic factors, including inflation and instability in the global credit and financial markets;
•our ability to successfully close and integrate acquisitions to contribute to our growth objectives;
•the July 19 Incident (as defined below), including potential or anticipated developments, our remediation and other efforts in connection with the incident, the outcome of lawsuits, claims and inquiries related to the incident, our customer commitment packages, and the effect on our customer and partner relationships and our business, results of operations and financial condition; and
These statements are based on our current plans, estimates and projections in light of information currently available to us. These forward-looking statements may be affected by risks, uncertainties and other factors discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including under “Risk Factors.” Furthermore, new risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is impossible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties or how they may affect us. If any of these risks or uncertainties materialize, our business, revenue and financial results could be harmed, and the trading price of our Class A common stock could decline. Forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K speak only as of the date on which such statements are made, and we undertake no obligation to update them in light of new information or future events, except as required by law.

We intend to announce material information to the public through the CrowdStrike Investor Relations website ir.crowdstrike.com, SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls, and public webcasts. We use these channels, as well as social media and our blog, to communicate with our investors, customers, and the public about our company, our offerings, and other issues. It is possible that the information we post on social media and our blog could be deemed to be material information. As such, we encourage investors, the media, and others to follow the channels listed above, including the social media channels listed on our investor relations website, and to review the information disclosed through such channels. Any updates to the list of disclosure channels through which we will announce information will be posted on the investor relations page on our website.
ITEM 1. BUSINESS
Founded in 2011, CrowdStrike reinvented cybersecurity for the cloud and artificial intelligence (“AI”) era and transformed the way cybersecurity is delivered and experienced by customers. When we started CrowdStrike, cyberattackers had an asymmetric advantage over legacy cybersecurity products that could not keep pace with rapid changes in adversary tactics, a dynamic that has intensified as adversaries increasingly leverage automation, identity abuse, and AI to operate at machine speed.

We took a fundamentally different approach to solve this problem with the AI-native CrowdStrike Falcon cybersecurity platform, which serves as the operating system for cybersecurity. CrowdStrike built the first, true, cloud-native platform with AI at the core, capable of harnessing vast amounts of security and enterprise data to drive real-time security decisions and response – stopping breaches at scale through a single lightweight sensor.
The CrowdStrike Falcon platform is designed to be the definitive platform for cybersecurity consolidation, purpose-built to stop breaches. The platform’s single, lightweight sensor collects and integrates data from across the enterprise, including endpoints, cloud workloads, identities, and third-party sources. This data is ingested once and reused across multiple security functions, forming the foundation for detection, investigation, and response across the platform. We use this to train our AI to detect and prevent threats and drive workflow automation to give security teams machine speed advantage to stop adversaries. By consolidating and replacing legacy point products and fragmented platforms across key areas of security and IT, the Falcon platform delivers a unified, modern approach that increases capabilities, reduces complexity, and lowers costs – all while stopping breaches.

We believe our approach has defined a new category called the AI Security Cloud, which has the power to transform the cybersecurity industry the same way the cloud has transformed the customer relationship management, human resources, and service management industries. Using cloud-scale AI, our AI Security Cloud enriches and correlates trillions of cybersecurity events per week with indicators of attack, threat intelligence, and enterprise data (including data from across endpoints, workloads, identities, DevOps, IT assets, configurations and AI interactions). This data is continuously curated, labeled, and validated through real-world security operations, including managed detection and response, threat intelligence, and incident response activities, creating high-fidelity intelligence grounded in real adversary behavior and outcomes – cyber Reinforced Learning from Human Feedback (“RLHF”) at scale.
This intelligence is used to train and refine our AI models, enabling the Falcon platform to provide real-time context on adversary behavior, inform security decisions, and automatically prevent threats across our customer base. The more data that is fed into our Falcon platform, the more intelligent the AI Security Cloud becomes, the stronger our ability to anticipate and counter evolving adversary tradecraft, and the more our customers benefit, creating a powerful network effect that increases the overall value we provide.

Our Falcon platform was purpose-built in the cloud to harness the power of data and AI to deliver the next generation of automated protection and provide threat hunters with the intelligence required to stop sophisticated attacks, including malware-free and fileless attacks. This approach has made CrowdStrike an industry leader in protection across endpoints, cloud workloads, identity data, and AI systems, delivering consistent security execution across hybrid and cloud environments, and allowing us to rapidly extend this best-in-class protection across new and emerging areas of enterprise risk.
Today, we offer 33 cloud modules on our Falcon platform via a SaaS subscription-based model that spans multiple large markets, including corporate endpoint and cloud workload security, managed security services, security and vulnerability management, IT operations management, identity protection, next-generation security information and event management (“SIEM”) and log management, threat intelligence services, data protection, SaaS security posture management, Security Orchestration, Automation and Response (“SOAR”) and AI powered workflow automation, and security for generative AI and AI-driven systems through AI detection and response.

Our Falcon platform is composed of tightly integrated, proprietary technologies that enable us to deliver superior protection and performance, while reducing complexity for our customers. Our Falcon platform consists of our easily deployed, intelligent lightweight sensor, and our Enterprise Graph, which unifies our ground-breaking graph technologies into a single, connected intelligence layer.
Our single, lightweight-sensor approach has changed how organizations experience cybersecurity, delivering protection without impacting the user, resources or productivity. With the lightweight sensor installed on each endpoint and cloud workload, our Falcon platform automates detection and prevention capabilities in real time across our entire global customer base. This also enables our Falcon platform to intelligently ingest data once and stream high fidelity data back into the Security Cloud to be re-used for multiple use cases, continuously improve our Falcon platform’s AI algorithms and make its real-time decision-making faster and smarter to keep customers ahead of changing adversary tactics.
Our Enterprise Graph correlates and contextualizes the vast data of our Security Cloud to transform raw signals into authoritative security context, enabling us to collect data once and reuse it repeatedly to support real-time detection, investigation, and response across the platform. By creating a living, connected model of the enterprise, the Enterprise Graph makes signals immediately actionable by both AI-driven workflows and human analysts. The highly advanced graph technologies underpinning the Falcon platform include:

•Our Threat Graph, which uses a combination of AI and behavioral pattern-matching techniques to correlate and analyze trillions of cybersecurity events, enriched with threat intelligence, and third-party data to identify and link threat activity together to automatically prevent threats in real time across CrowdStrike’s global customer base. This also provides customers with increased visibility of attacks for proactive threat hunting and timely detection and remediation of novel threats.
•Our Intel Graph, which analyzes and correlates data and threat intelligence to visualize the connections between adversaries and attacks to help customers prioritize investigations and gain a deep understanding of the threat landscape. The latest intel on adversaries, tactics, techniques, and procedures is delivered seamlessly within the CrowdStrike Falcon platform and is mapped to the MITRE ATT&CK® framework.
•Our Asset Graph, which dynamically monitors and tracks the complex interactions among assets, providing a single holistic view of the risks those assets pose. Asset Graph provides graph visualizations of the relationships among all assets such as devices, users, accounts, applications, cloud workloads and operations technology, along with the rich context necessary for proper security hygiene and proactive security posture management to reduce risk in their organizations - without impacting IT.

The Falcon platform was purpose-built with the foresight that the future of cybersecurity would need to be cloud-native and AI-driven. While AI is revolutionizing many technology fields, including cybersecurity solutions, to be truly effective, algorithms that enable AI depend on the quality and volume of data that trains them and the selection of the right differentiating features from that data.
This is why we believe our Security Cloud and our cloud-native architecture creates a fundamental differentiator from our competitors. The expansive amount of high fidelity data crowdsourced and captured in our Security Cloud enables the continuous training of our algorithms. We call this cloud-scale AI. Our technology is uniquely effective because we not only have a massive amount of high fidelity data to continuously train our AI models but also because we couple that data with deep human cybersecurity expertise, which supports our industry-leading efficacy and low false positives.
By analyzing and correlating information across our massive, crowdsourced dataset, we are able to deploy our AI algorithms at cloud-scale and build a more intelligent, effective solution to detect threats and stop breaches that on-premise, cloud-hosted and hybrid products cannot match due to the inherent architectural limitations those products have with respect to data storage and analysis. The more data that is fed into our Falcon platform, the more intelligent the Security Cloud becomes, and the more our customers benefit, creating a powerful network effect that increases the overall value we provide.

We believe there are a number of important trends that drive the need for a new approach to security. These include:
•The Increasing Speed, Sophistication and Disruption of Cybersecurity Threats: Adversary sophistication continues to increase as militaries and intelligence services of well-funded nation-states, technically advanced criminal organizations and hackers advance their tactics. In addition, the commoditization of technologies like generative AI makes it easier for low-skilled adversaries to move faster and launch more sophisticated attacks. This includes non-malware based attacks like social engineering that exploit user identities and credentials. These attacks are pervasive, targeting a broad range of industries including technology, transportation, healthcare, financial services, governments and political organizations, utility, retail, and public infrastructure. The number and scale of attacks continue to increase. The typical attack cycle starts with attackers attempting to penetrate endpoints to establish a beachhead. Once inside, adversaries steal and exploit legitimate credentials to escalate privileges, move laterally and progress and attack, often downloading malware or ransomware. At this stage in the threat lifecycle, the adversary is able to encrypt, destroy, or silently exfiltrate sensitive data.

•An Expanded Attack Surface Driven By Cloud, AI and Distributed Environments: Organizations everywhere are embracing digital transformation and are becoming more distributed as they adopt the cloud, increase workforce mobility, and grow their number of connected devices. They are adding more workloads to a myriad of different endpoints beyond the traditional cybersecurity perimeter, exposing an increasingly broad attack surface to adversaries. This trend accelerated significantly with the need to support an increasingly remote workforce in 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic and we believe this trend continues today.
•A Growing Cyber Skills Gap: Trained cybersecurity professionals are in high demand, and organizations continue to face a dire shortage of talent to fill much needed cybersecurity positions. As a result, existing cybersecurity teams are often overwhelmed by the velocity of cyberattacks and the operational burden created by fragmented tools, siloed data, and high volumes of low-fidelity alerts that require manual investigation and correlation across multiple systems. Adversaries exploit this complexity by accelerating attacks, while AI-enabled techniques compress response windows, increasing the need for automation and AI-driven security execution to keep pace.

•The Need to Reduce Complexity and Simplify Security Operations: Organizations are increasingly looking to reduce the complexity of their security and IT stack. Modern security requires fewer point products, fewer agents and technologies that consume fewer resources. Increasingly, organizations are looking to standardize on trusted platforms that deliver an immediate return on investment and lower total cost of ownership.
Competitive Market: Existing Security Solutions Are Limited and Exacerbate Ongoing Trends:
We believe the aforementioned trends are exacerbated by the architectural limitations of legacy cybersecurity products and fragmented platforms, which are characterized by:
•On-Premise Security and Bolt-On Cloud Products That Lead to Constrained and Impacted Users: On-premise products are siloed, lack integration, and have limited ability to collect, process, and analyze vast amounts of data—attributes that are required to be effective in today’s increasingly dynamic threat landscape. Meanwhile, these solutions often require more sensors on the endpoint as new capabilities are patchworked together, which can have a dramatic negative impact on user performance.
Many on-premise vendors have tried to solve this problem by simply extending on-premise products to the cloud. Since their products were not purpose built to run in the cloud, traditional on-premise issues such as complex deployments, data silos, lack of integrations, limited scalability, and high maintenance costs continue to manifest. We believe that any product that was originally designed for on-premise deployments and migrated to the cloud cannot by definition be a cloud native solution.

Some other vendors attempt to solve this problem by acquiring disparate products and stitching them together into fragmented platforms. This can force customers to focus on implementing integrations, not security outcomes and stopping the breach. The resulting complexity can impede workflows and slow down response time.
•Legacy Signature-Based Products That Are Not Effective Against Unknown Threats: Signature-based products are designed to detect attacks that are already cataloged as previously identified threats. As a result, such products are fundamentally unable to prevent unknown threats resulting from shifts in attacker tradecraft. An attacker may be able to bypass a signature-based defense with just a slight modification to an existing attack. Many significant breaches seen in the last two decades have involved the failure of a legacy signature-based antivirus product to detect a previously unknown or modified version of a previously known attack.
•Malware-Focused Products That Miss Sophisticated Attacks: Traditionally, organizations have focused on protecting their networks and endpoints against malware-based attacks. These attacks involve malware built for the specific purpose of performing malicious activities, stealing data, or destroying systems. Our 2026 Global Threat Report observed that 82% of detections were malware-free. Therefore, a malware-centric defensive approach will leave the organization vulnerable to attacks that do not leverage malware.

•Application Whitelisting Products That Are Ineffective: Application whitelisting products resort to an “always allow” or “always block” policy on an endpoint to allow or prevent processes from executing. Whitelisting relies in part on manually creating and maintaining a complex list of rules, burdening end users and IT organizations. This does not prevent fileless attacks from exploiting legitimate whitelisted applications, compromising the integrity of the whitelisting product.
•The Limitations of Legacy SIEMs: Originally designed years or even decades ago for a vastly different cybersecurity landscape, legacy SIEM solutions struggle to meet the demands of modern security operations. These systems lack the scalability to handle today’s data volumes and adversary speed, while escalating costs make centralized data collection and retention increasingly difficult. Poor scalability contributes to siloed, disjointed SOC architectures, forcing analysts to manually correlate data across multiple consoles, diverting time and resources from threat detection and response. Complex onboarding processes further delay time-to-value, requiring significant effort to integrate new data sources. As a result, legacy SIEMs hinder operational efficiency, limit visibility, and increase the risk of data breaches.

We believe that the cloud-native architecture of the Falcon platform and Security Cloud provides a sustainable advantage in addressing the needs of our customers as their businesses and the threat landscape continues to evolve.
We offer our customers compelling business value that includes ease of adoption, rapid time-to-value, superior efficacy rates in detecting threats and preventing breaches, and reduced total cost of ownership by consolidating legacy, siloed, and multi-sensor security products in a single solution. We also allow thinly-stretched security organizations to automate previously manual tasks, freeing them to focus on their most important objectives. With the Falcon platform, organizations can transform how they combat threats, evolving from slow, manual, and reactionary to fast, automated, and predictive, while gaining visibility across the threat lifecycle.
•The Power of the Crowd: Our crowdsourced data enables every customer to benefit from contributing to the Security Cloud. As more high fidelity data is fed into our Security Cloud, our AI models continue to train and improve, increasing the overall efficacy of the Falcon platform. This unique data layer is powered and turned into action by the Enterprise Graph. Enterprise Graph unifies our pioneering graph technologies (including Threat Graph, Intel Graph, and Asset Graph) into a living, connected model of the enterprise. This makes signals instantly actionable by both AI agents and human analysts to put threats, adversaries, and assets into the context needed to make the rapid, informed decisions that stop breaches.

•Driving AI Innovation and Security: We are a pioneer in leveraging AI to transform cybersecurity, combining AI for cybersecurity with cybersecurity for AI. The Falcon platform’s AI-native architecture uses advanced models and the power of the Security Cloud to detect and stop breaches, while innovations like Charlotte AI represent a significant advancement in agentic AI—delivering autonomous security decisions within customer-defined guardrails to triage detections, reduce noise, and accelerate response. Charlotte AI, powered by high-fidelity data and continual training, reduces routine investigation workloads, bridging critical skills gaps for
stretched teams. As AI continues to evolve, CrowdStrike is driving the next generation of AI-powered agentic cybersecurity—enabling AI to act independently while ensuring human oversight and control. Beyond delivering AI-driven protection, we also secure the AI systems organizations depend on, helping customers safeguard generative AI applications and agents, protect sensitive data, and mitigate the risks posed by AI misconfigurations and vulnerabilities. By advancing AI innovation and security, we empower organizations to stay ahead of adversaries, increase operational efficiency, and securely embrace the AI-driven future.

•High Efficacy, Low False Positives: The vast telemetry of the Security Cloud and the best practices employed in continually training our AI models results in exceptionally high efficacy rates and low false positives, delivering proven performance in real-world scenarios.
•Consolidation of Siloed Products: Integrating and maintaining numerous security products creates blind spots that attackers can exploit, increases costs, and negatively impacts both end-user system performance and the experience of the security analyst. Our cloud-native platform gives customers a unified approach to address their most critical areas of risk seamlessly. We empower customers to rapidly deploy and scale industry leading technologies across Endpoint and Workspace Security, Identity Protection, Cloud Security, Next-Gen SIEM and Modern Log Management, Data Protection, Exposure Management, IT Automation, ITSecOps and Risk, Threat Intelligence, and SaaS Security Posture Management from a single platform.
•Reducing Sensor Bloat: Our single intelligent lightweight sensor enables frictionless deployment of our platform at scale, enabling customers to rapidly adopt our technology across any type of workload running on a variety of endpoints. The sensor is non-intrusive to the end user, requires no reboots and continues to protect the endpoint and track activity even when offline. Through our single lightweight sensor approach, customers can adopt multiple platform modules to address their critical areas of risk without burdening the endpoint with multiple sensors. Legacy approaches often require multiple sensors as they layer on new capabilities. This can severely impact user performance and create barriers to security.

•Rapid Time to Value: Our cloud-native platform was built to rapidly scale industry leading protection across the entire enterprise, eliminating lengthy implementation periods and professional services engagements that next-gen and legacy competitors may require. Our single sensor, collect once and re-use many times approach enables us to activate new modules in real time.
•Elite Security Teams as a Force Multiplier: Adversaries are relentlessly innovating new forms of sophisticated attacks, bypassing traditional malware to exploit user credentials and identities. In this evolving landscape, automation and autonomous security are no longer sufficient on their own. Stopping today’s sophisticated attacks requires a combination of powerful automation and elite threat hunting. Falcon Complete provides a comprehensive monitoring, management, response, and remediation solution to our customers and is designed to bring enterprise level security to companies that may lack the resources or expertise to do so on their own.
CrowdStrike Falcon OverWatch, part of CrowdStrike Counter Adversary Operations, combines world-class human intelligence from our elite security experts with the power of the Falcon platform. OverWatch is a force multiplier that extends the capabilities and improves the productivity of our customers’ security teams. Because our world-class team can see attacks across our entire customer base, their expertise is enhanced by their constant visibility into the threat landscape.

Furthermore, these elite security teams (including Falcon Complete, Falcon Overwatch, and our Professional Services teams) are key ingredients into the development of our automation and AI systems. New and increasingly sophisticated models are developed, benchmarked, and validated using data distilled from their operations. As these models gain capabilities and efficacy, our elite teams become more efficient in dealing with existing threats, which in turn allows for more focus on emerging and novel threats, which further enhances their models and automation systems, creating a positive feedback loop and data flywheel for our customers.
•Alleviating the Skills Shortage through Automation: CrowdStrike automates manual tasks to free security teams to focus on their most important job – stopping the breach. Our Falcon Fusion capability automates workflows to reduce the need to switch between different security tools and tasks, while our Falcon Insight XDR and Falcon Next-Gen SIEM modules provide a unified solution that enables security teams to rapidly and efficiently identify, hunt, and eliminate threats across multiple security domains using first and third party datasets.
•Lower Total Cost of Ownership: Our cloud-native platform eliminates our customers’ need for initial or ongoing purchases of hardware and does not require their personnel to configure, implement or integrate disparate point products. Additionally, our comprehensive platform reduces overall personnel costs associated with ongoing maintenance, as well as the need for software patches and upgrades for separate products.

As modern attacks and adversaries grow more sophisticated, CrowdStrike believes that stopping breaches in the modern era requires security that delivers unified visibility and protection across three critical areas: Endpoint and Cloud workloads, Identity Threat Protection and Data Protection.
According to the CrowdStrike 2026 Global Threat Report, 82% of detections in 2025 were malware-free, reflecting a sustained shift toward hands-on-keyboard operations, abuse of legitimate tools, and credential-driven movement that are difficult to distinguish from normal use behavior. Stopping these advanced attacks requires a holistic approach that delivers true end-to-end protection across workloads, identities, and data. CrowdStrike is able to natively enforce protection at the device layer, the identity layer, and the data layer, extending our bold vision for security by driving modern Defense in Depth to the enterprise.
By delivering these powerful capabilities through a unified platform with a single sensor, CrowdStrike is able to connect the endpoint and workload to user identity, and the data that is being used and accessed. Customers can see the full health and state of endpoints and workloads, in context with the identity that is using and accessing them, aligned with where data is being created, who is using it, where it flows and how it is protected. CrowdStrike delivers this through a unified platform experience. This is how CrowdStrike believes security should and must be delivered today to combat advanced adversaries and stop breaches in the modern era. This means security solutions that are easy to deploy, easy to manage, and highly effective.

Our platform approach allows us to rapidly innovate, build, and deploy highly integrated modules that address critical customer problems and access additional market opportunities. Our Falcon platform is composed of two tightly integrated proprietary technologies: our lightweight sensor and our Security Cloud. Our cloud-delivered modules integrate seamlessly within the Falcon platform to provide customers with a unified set of cloud-delivered technologies across Endpoint and Workspace Security, Identity Protection, Cloud Security, Next-Gen SIEM and Modern Log Management, Data Protection, Exposure Management, IT Automation, ITSecOps and Risk, Threat Intelligence, and SaaS Security Posture Management.
The Falcon platform also encompasses recently acquired technologies where integration may be ongoing. We can rapidly and cost effectively develop and deliver additional cloud modules on our Falcon platform without the need for additional sensors, and are expanding options for our new customers to test modules on a trial basis as well as offering in-application trials for existing customers. Our expanding set of open APIs and the Foundry app development platform allow customers and partners to build their own capabilities on top of the Falcon platform.

Unifying data from our modules and customers into a single cloud infrastructure gives us significant advantages in developing and delivering innovative AI capabilities to detect and prevent threats, as well as improving user productivity and efficiency through cutting-edge generative AI systems such as our Charlotte AI module.
Our cloud-native Falcon platform integrates seamlessly with our single lightweight sensor to deliver robust functionality across key areas of cybersecurity and IT operations. The Falcon platform delivered 32 cloud modules as of January 31, 2026 and currently delivers 33 cloud modules, enabling customers to address their most critical areas of risk with speed, confidence, and visibility through one unified platform. Key areas of focus include:
Endpoint Security: The Falcon platform offers next-generation antivirus, endpoint detection and response (“EDR”) and extended detection and response (“XDR”) to defend against malware, fileless attacks, and advanced threats. With cross-domain telemetry and unified incident management, we enable organizations to detect, investigate, and respond to threats across the security stack efficiently and effectively.
Cloud Security: CrowdStrike provides robust cloud security solutions to protect workloads, containers, and applications in real time. Our offerings include runtime protection, cloud security posture management, application security posture management and more to secure multi-cloud environments and enhance the resilience of cloud-native applications. By integrating seamlessly into developer workflows, we empower teams to shift security left and mitigate vulnerabilities before deployment.